add note referencing article with details around configuring the policy (#5005)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/enable-computer-and-user-accounts-to-be-trusted-for-delegation.md

When a local setting is greyed out, it indicates that a GPO currently controls that setting.

> [!NOTE]

> > More information about configuring the policy [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/how-to-configure-security-policy-settings).

Reviewer: Allow for localization, if available.
```suggestion
> More information about configuring the policy can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/how-to-configure-security-policy-settings).
```
I also suggest a more complete sentence.
